{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red6\green6\blue6;\red232\green230\blue228;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red11\green76\blue180;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1961\c1961\c1961;\cssrgb\c92941\c92157\c91373;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;
\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Outstanding service, extremely knowledgeable and went over and above in service.\'a0Can't\'a0say enough nice things about Mrs. Claire Brandon and her\'a0platform! Claire Brandon has an amazing reputation in her field because of her\'a0no nonsense\'a0attitude, her work ethic and core values. We recently\'a0worked with her on helping us invest in her platform. Although Mrs. Claire Brandon is known for good recommendation, she took our investment\'a0higher under her wing and found her the perfect place that was in her good range. It was a very good investment the platform was very helpful and\'a0every day\'a0profits to look at. They made our investment feel very comfortable and wonderful every way. From the start to finish the process went\'a0smoothly and effortlessly. perfect work she did\'a0i\'a0really enjoyed the process because of the hard work of the team. Highly recommend\'a0Mrs.Claire\'a0Brandon and her platform for job well done.\'a0Don't\'a0be too busy to read my success story and pick the challenge by starting your own investment\'a0today. contact her via clairebrandon439@gmail.com
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 WhatsApp:+1 (541)313-8655
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Wonderful service Mrs. Alexander Melissa, God will keep on blessing you, I got my withdrawal yesterday. the binary trader is still the very best\'a0platform\'a0I have\'a0experienced myself because\'a0they are\'a0very reliable and legit too, I invested $500 to earn $6,920. everything was so easy than I thought.\'a0trade with a\'a0well known\'a0person.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Her Contact her via WhatsApp:+1 (210) 628 9394
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 E-mail:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:alexandermelissa800@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \dn1 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 alexandermelissa800@gmail.com}}
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 I was looking for the best, not until I read good reviews and recommendation about\'a0Mrs\'a0Kimberly Louis with her great skill of Trading. I made a good\'a0profit from their trading website. I was amazed how many Investors wrote good\'a0comment's\'a0about her. I contacted\'a0Mrs\'a0Kimberly Louis and invested\'a0with her, I earned a very good profit and made my withdrawal successfully. I made $10,500 by investing with a minimum of $1000. If you wish to\'a0invest you can contact her on Email: kimberlylouis110@gmail.com\'a0Whatsapp: + 1(802) 391\uc0\u8209 9806
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Questions were asked and\'a0i\'a0got recommended to KELLY ROBERT,\'a0Fx\'a0who gave me magical profit return through her trading signals. Search no more\'a0KELLY ROBERT\'a0Fx\'a0can turn your $1,000 investment into $13,000 with easily withdrawal\'a0I have\'a0been trading cryptocurrency with her over a while now I\'a0can give good record about\'a0her\'a0she is\'a0great when it comes to\'a0crypto\'a0I highly recommend her because her trading strategies are 100%
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Eth,\'a0btc, Forex\'a0e.t.c.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Contact KELLY below.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Email: kellyrobert11009@gmail.com\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 WhatsApp: +1 (323) 628\uc0\u8209 7351
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Wow. Amazing company amazing Expert Manager. They know how to get things done when it comes to online trading. So impressed by the\'a0knowledge, and sincerity. Thank you\'a0Mrs\'a0Camila Joseph for your amazing company, you can invest in your own capacity,\'a0I will\'a0not tell you how much I\'a0invested because it private, am here online to recommend\'a0Mrs\'a0Camila Joseph Crypto\'a0Fx\'a0for her good works, if\'a0you are\'a0looking for where you can\'a0invest your money, and where it can be safe contact her via.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Email:camilajoseph835@gmail.com
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 WhatsApp:+1 (320) 321-6858
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Do not\'a0buy anything with the manufacturer\'a0idesign.\'a0All of\'a0the labels are adhered with super sticky glue dots that\'a0will not\'a0come off- not with goo gone,\'a0soap, razor blade. All they do is smear all over the plastic and make a huge mess.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9200 \cf2 \cb3 \dn1 \strokec2 Worst customer service for a premium membership- I placed an order while paying for taxes and shipping. I was confirmed 3-5 business days to\'a0receive the order I placed. I get the notification on the 4th day for receiving the shipment in another 7-8 days. I had to send stuff to my family using\'a0those containers. When I reached to customer service for help, the agent was stubborn and\'a0didn\'92t\'a0want to process my request for refund or\'a0cancellation. I had to waste around 40 min to convince her to escalate the request to higher management. She refused to be of any help and rather\'a0kept mentioning that I should go look out at FedEx for my shipments. Finally concluded the call after almost an hour that they\'a0cannot\'a0be of help!\'a0Highly unprofessional and unacceptable!\'a0I would\'a0appeal to the management to\'a0look into\'a0the matter and be more considerate about your customer\'a0relationship!
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \up0 \strokec4 \
}